hi I'm Gabi and I'm going to show you
how to make vegan dim sum so first thing
that you need is some pot sticker
wrappers and it's important to make sure
that you buy the kind without eggs a lot
of brands have eggs but you can find
ones that don't so make sure you get
some plastic wrappers with no eggs then
I also have in here some tofu that I've
crumbled just using my hands and some
shredded cabbage that I actually bought
an coleslaw mix obviously without the
dressing but it's a really quick easy
inexpensive way to put together do some
so I've got tofu and coleslaw mix to it
I'm gonna add just a little bit of
crushed garlic great ingredient I have
around about a tablespoon full soy sauce
and I like spicy so I'm gonna add some
chili sauce if you don't like spicy food
you might want to either add less and
added about a teaspoon or skip it all
together
and then I'm going to add some coarsely
chopped cilantro so mix that together
and you have what resembles like a
dairy-free coleslaw and then I'm gonna
take my pasta karuppa
and spoon just a little bit of my
mixture into the middle get my fingers
wet and wet the edges and then what I'm
gonna do is pull the corners together
like so and then use my fingers to pinch
the edges to seal in all of the tasty
dim-sum goodness so now what you want to
do is take these over to the stove and
heat up a little bit of canola oil about
a tablespoon or so and fry these until
the bottoms get nice
and brown but not burned and then you
want to pour in a little bit of water
about this much and quickly cover the
top of your pan and let these steam for
about a minute to a minute and a half
until they get nice and soft on the top
and they stay Brown on the bottom then
you can take off your lid and aerate
them a little bit so that they absorb
the extra oil and water and then you'll
have some beautiful tasty vegan dim sum
that's fun to serve